All right let's put this puzzle together.
OK.
We talks about three financial statements and all three of them are linked to each other.
We've got the balance sheet which tells you what you own.
You've got the income statement which tells you how much you make and then you've got the cash flow
telling you will hold on to second what you told me I make is not cash.
And here's how we reconcile that.
Ok cool.
Now all of these statements are related.
And if you understand the relationship between the three financial statements you can test to see if
you made mistakes.
OK.
And so the relationships are as follows.
So we've got the balance sheet there and that basically has retained earnings and that is connected
to the bottom of the income statement.
Okay.
Think about the wording to retained earnings.
What does that mean.
It's earnings we've retained.
And so if you look at the difference between retained earnings on the balance sheet between one year
and the previous year it's the exact same thing as net income from the income statement.
Okay.
So that's your check and balance for that your link between the two statements and I know there's an
exception if you have dividends it's a little bit different.
We're not going to.
All right let's talk about the next relationship the next relationship is between the cash flow statement
and the Steve Case.
Remember the Cashell statement you start with then income and then you add back all that stuff.
Okay.
And so net income in the bottom of the income statement is connected to net income at the top of the
cash flow statement.
Right.
All right.
And we also have that changing cash flow right at the bottom of that cash flow statement right.
The change in cash flow of one year the next should be equal to the change in cash flow from one year
to the next.
Or change in cash I should say from one year or the next on the balance sheet there.
Ok cool.
Now we understand the relationship between all three of these financial statements.
Right.
So what can we do now.
Well this is where it gets really cool.
Now we can forecast the future by making financial models.
And once we've done that once we've mastered the financial model process then we can pick target prices
meaning what are companies we are looking at should be worth